Rephrase home page tagline content. (#118)
kudobuilder/www: content/README.md

features:
- title: Focus on your software …
  details: The Kubernetes Universal Declarative Operator (KUDO) is a highly productive toolkit for writing Kubernetes Operators.
- title: … not on deploying it to Kubernetes

>   details: Using KUDO you can deploy your applications, have the tools needed to operate them, and understand how they're behaving – all without a PhD in Kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  details: Using KUDO you can deploy your applications, have the tools needed to operate them, and understand how they're behaving – all without a Ph.D. in Kubernetes.
```
